docs/index.md, before:

## Summary

This game takes a complete image and breaks it down into various numbers of images which it then scrambles in a random order, forcing the user to re-order them correctly to advance.

## Intended users

* Obsessive-compulsive persons who have spare time to game.

    > As an OCD person who has a great deal of downtime on the clock due to the nature of my job, I need a game that allows me to indulge my OCD tendencies.

* Individuals with children who need a short game to entertain their children for a short period, such as waiting in line in public.

    > As a stay at home parent, I take my children out with me while running errands, it helps to have a simple game on my mobile device to hand them and keep them quiet until I have finished with my business.



## Functionality

List (using a bullet list---or ordered list, if order is relevant) the key functional aspects that will be provided by the app---i.e. tell us what the user will be able to do using the app. This should not simply be a re-statement of the [summary](#summary), but should instead provide a more specific articulation of the functionality and user experience. 

## Persistent data

List, in general terms and using a bullet list, what content will be stored on the Android device. This should include any information that users of your app would expect to be maintained (i.e. without connection to a server) across multiple sessions of use. 
    
## Device/external services

If the client component will need to access special services of the device (e.g. sensors, contacts, messaging), list them here using a bullet list. Also, if the client component will need to access already-existing external services (e.g. real-time weather data, Open Movie Database, Open Trivia Database), those should also be listed here; any such references to external services should include links to the main page or API description page for the service.

## Stretch goals/possible enhancements 

If you can identify functional elements of the software that you think might not be achievable in the scope of the project, but which would nonetheless add significant value if you were able to include them, list them here. For now, we recommend listing them in order of complexity/amount of work, from the least to the most.

Commit message:

Specified initial functionality, persistent data, etc.

docs/index.md, after:

## Summary

This game takes a complete image and breaks it down into various numbers of images which it then scrambles in a random order, forcing the user to re-order them correctly to advance.

## Intended users

* Obsessive-compulsive persons who have spare time to game.

    > As an OCD person who has a great deal of downtime on the clock due to the nature of my job, I need a game that allows me to indulge my OCD tendencies.

* Individuals with children who need a short game to entertain their children for a short period, such as waiting in line in public.

    > As a stay at home parent, I take my children out with me while running errands, it helps to have a simple game on my mobile device to hand them and keep them quiet until I have finished with my business.



## Functionality

1. Unlock higher difficulties by completing lower difficulties in a specific timeframe.

2. Keep track of completion times.

3. Unlock game images to use as mobile device backgrounds.

4. Select image themes, such as nature, space, or anime pictures.

5. Darkmode

6. Audio settings

7. Log-in via Facebook

## Persistent data

* Previous completion times.
* Current game progress.
* Current game settings.
    
## Device/external services

Post results to Facebook timeline.

## Stretch goals/possible enhancements 

Send invites and challenges to contacts in your Facebook profile.
